Required Functionality:

Front Page:
Links to the most common fuctions, including querying the bugs (including ones
assigned to the user), getting reports, entering a bug, etc.  Include quick
stats showing bugs in the database broken down by category (and other
classifications, like date ranges?).

Query:
Search the bug database with the following parameters: Status, Resolution,
Operating System, Priority, Severity, Email (substring, regex, exact match),
specific bug number, Age (creation, modification), Date Range, Product, Version,
Component, Summary, Description, URL.

Enter Bug:
Same fields as Bugzilla minus the platform. (Or should we use platform as well
to make it more of a drop-in replacement for bugzilla?)

Personal Page:
At the least this should copy the My Bugs link in Bugzilla, running a query of
bugs assigned to the logged in user.  One improvement I'd like to make to bugzilla 
is not only showing bugs assigned to you as My Bugs but also bugs submitted by you.
We should separate them into distinct lists.  I don't know whether it would be i
this page but we need a place for the user to change password, theme, etc.

New Account:
Allow users to create their own accounts to be able to submit bugs.  This should
be a system configurable option, though, like Bugzilla's despot setting, which
would require new users to be added by an administrator.  Also, we need to look
at the feasibility of letting the administrator easily swap out the user
database for a pre-existing one.  PHPLib's authentication routine is a step in
this direction.

Administration:

Project + Component + Version:
When creating a project the adminstrator should be led through this page
sequence so that the minimum attributes of a project are all present.  Component
and version administration will be handled from the project edit page.

Users:
Listing, editing, adding, and possibly reporting (activity, etc.) users for the
system.  The reporting could be based on the bug logs, like who contributes the
most, who clears the most, etc.  I don't know that we need the specific grant
options in Bugzilla (editusers.cgi) but we do need the permissions settings.

Miscellaneous:

Groups:
Do we want to replicate the groups functionality of Bugzilla?  It's groups allow
the adminstrator to assign a set of users to a group, which is in turn related
to a project.  This allows you to restrict bug viewability to a group of people.

